12 (#609)
osbuild/osbuild-composer: NEWS.md

# OSBuild Composer - Operating System Image Composition Services

## CHANGES WITH 12:

>         * In the previous versions the support for running the worker
>          remotely was broken. This is now fixed and running the worker
>          remotely is once again possible. See #568 for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * In previous versions support for running remote workers
         was broken. This is now fixed and running remote workers
         is once again possible. See #568 for more information.
```

I would drop most of the `the`.

>         * The job queue and the store are now two separate Go packages.
>          One of the benefits is that it now possible to build images
>          without using the store which is too complicated for some usecases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * The job queue and the store are now two separate Go packages.
         One of the benefits is that it is now possible to build images
         without using the store which is too complicated for some usecases.
```

         
        * All osbuild calls now use the new --output-directory argument.
         This change is a must because the old way of retrieving images from
         the osbuild store will soon be deprecated.
         
        * Some routes from the weldr API are now implemented in a more
         efficient way.
         
        * As always, the team worked hard on improving the tests and the CI.

        Contributions from: David Rheinsberg, Jiri Kortus, Lars Karlitski,
                            Major Hayden, Ondřej Budai

        - Liberec, 2020-05-13

> 

Reviewer: Spurious newline.
